# CS_370_SNHU

In this project I was given code starting a treasure hunt game. It was made up of three files- GameExperience, TreasureHuntGame, and TreasureMaze. The GameExperience code file holds episodes which occur during gameplay and states which are used during exploration. States help the system learn from past experiences. TreasureMaze holds all the information to set up the game’s environment. It contains methods to update states based on actions, reward the agent, track the state and reward that occurs with each action, return game status, and the maze matrix. TreasureHuntGame is where actual gameplay occurs. It was up to me to complete the Q-Training algorithm code block where the agent would be playing the game and learning. In this code I set up a nested loop that would run until the agent reached a 100% win rate. Each epoch would run until the game was either won or loss, after each game the epoch number as well as the loss rate, number of episodes, number of games won, and the win rate would print out. In this way one can view the agent learn as it goes from having no wins, to consistently winning. 

Computer scientists “design, develop, and analyze the software and hardware used to solve problems in all kinds of business, industry, scientific, and social contexts” (“What is computer science?”, n.d.). Computer scientists work in a wide range of industries solving problems both big and small. This work is important because it can help people in many ways. The work of computer scientists can improve conditions in fields such as health, and education or serve to increase the enjoyability of live events such as football games. This is important because by constantly improving technologies we can improve lives, create new inventions, and improve those that already exist. 

As a computer scientist I strive to critically analyze problems I encounter. By taking a step back and looking at the whole picture I can get a better idea of how I should move forward. It is important to have a thorough understanding of the topic so I can make informed decisions and understand the potential side effects. It is also important to research whatever problem I am facing so I can learn from others. It is important to always be willing to learn and be open to others’ ideas as it can help one greatly when trying to overcome a problem. By doing all of these things one can also have a better understanding of the ethical implications of whatever it is I am working on. As computer scientists we have ethical responsibilities to protect both our users and organization. While attempting to solve a problem these responsibilities should be kept in mind so that whatever solution is found poses no risk to the parties involved. It is important to follow programming ethical guidelines, as well as to follow a standard while coding. By doing this you can create a more secure program that is easy to upkeep and protects its users.



Michigan Tech. (n.d.). What is computer science? https://www.mtu.edu/cs/what/#:~:text=Computer%20scientists%20design%2C%20develop%2C%20and,human%20component%20to%20computer%20science.
